[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/sample-tma-http-and-soap-adapters.md

|Threat|Impact|Risk exposure|Mitigation techniques and technologies|
|------------|------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------|
|Send infinite-size message|Denial of service|2.4|Limit the maximum size of an incoming message per URL and reject messages that exceed that maximum.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Mitigating Denial of Service Attacks](../core/mitigating-denial-of-service-attacks.md).|

> |Send lots of messages to receive location|Denial of service|2.6|The SOAP adapter takes advantage of HTTP to send and receive messages to and from BizTalk Server. Therefore, you must follow the security recommendations to help secure Internet Information Services (IIS). If you use IIS, make sure that you follow the IIS recommendations on how to configure application isolation.<br /><br /> For more information, see the Microsoft TechNet Web site.<br /><br /> Use client authentication and party resolution to limit the number of messages being processed to only those that are valid and authorized.|

Reviewer: TechNet no longer exists:

```suggestion
|Send lots of messages to receive location|Denial of service|2.6|The SOAP adapter takes advantage of HTTP to send and receive messages to and from BizTalk Server. Therefore, you must follow the security recommendations to help secure Internet Information Services (IIS). If you use IIS, make sure that you follow the IIS recommendations on how to configure application isolation.<br /><br /> For more information, see [Introduction to IIS Architectures](/iis/get-started/introduction-to-iis/introduction-to-iis-architecture).<br /><br /> Use client authentication and party resolution to limit the number of messages being processed to only those that are valid and authorized.|
```
